Docs - Develop - Organize examples (#1228)
iotaledger/iota.rs: documentation/docs/libraries/java/how_to/_run_how_tos.mdx

## Prerequisites

Before you can run the examples, please refer to the [Java Getting Started guide](./../getting_started/java) to install
the library.

## Include the Library

Before you can try out the [examples](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/tree/develop/bindings/java/iota-client-java/examples/ExampleProject/src),
you will need to include [the `JAR` file you built](./../getting_started/java#build-your-jar) in your project. The instructions for this vary between different IDEs and will
not be the target of this documentation. Please use the following links to get your project running on your IDE of
choice:

### Popular Java IDEs

* [Eclipse](https://help.eclipse.org/latest/index.jsp).
* [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/creating-and-running-your-first-java-application.html).
* [Netbeans](https://netbeans.apache.org/kb/docs/java/quickstart.html).
* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-project).

## Run Code Examples

> If you have already [included the library](#include-the-library), you are probably a click away from running code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already [included](#include-the-library) the library into your project, you are a click away from running the code
```
